Shackles aboard! 38 men all around to get underway. In a Viceroy smoke for the taste that’s right. Right any time of the day. This is a good taste you always get when you smoke the Viceroy away. Cause the Viceroy taste is the taste that’s right, right any time of the day.


 Viceroy is the filtered cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste. That's why Viceroy tastes, rich good rewarding any time you light up.


You're heading back in with a beautiful catch now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke it's got the taste thats’s right, right any time of the day.


Spoilers of Steel sat on the sky, wind blowing in from the bay, then a Viceroy smoke it's got the taste thats’s right, right any time of the day. This is a good taste you always get when you smoke the Viceroy way. Cause the Viceroy taste is the Taste that's right right any time of the day.
Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste. That's why Viceroy tastes, rich good rewarding any time you light up.


Another floor is done, works going great. Now's the time when you say, give me a Viceroy  smoke it’s the taste that's right, right any time of the day.


Splendor the steel, shab in the sky, wind blowing in from the bay, and the Viceroy for the taste that’s right, right any time of the day. Is the good thing you always get when you smoke the Viceroy way. Cause the Viceroy taste is the taste that’s right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste; that's why Viceroy tastes rich good rewarding any time you light up.


Another floor is done, works going great. Now's the time when you say, give me a Viceroy  smoke it’s the taste that's right, right any time of the day.




They're riding and roping work in the rain. Yippy-i yippy-o aye-a, have a Viceroy  for the taste that’s right, any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste. Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day.


Sky up above, river below, the rocky Old Trail all the way, then the Viceroy for the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true too, tobacco taste.Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day.


Sky up above, river below, the rocky Old Trail all the way, then the Viceroy for the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true too, tobacco taste.Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day.


Shackles aboard! 38 men all around to get underway. In a Viceroy smoke for the taste that’s right. Right any time of the day. This is a good taste you always get when you smoke the Viceroy away. Cause the Viceroy taste is the taste that’s right, right any time of the day.


 Viceroy is the filtered cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste.Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day.




Setting the trap, where the lobsters live, in the middle of white Captain’s place, then the Viceroy smoke for the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filtered cigarette, blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste.Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day.


You leave Miami, first stop Nashfall, and then maybe an island that hasn't got a name yet. You light up Viceroy. Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day. The sun above, sea ahead, ahh time for a Viceroy and it still delivers good taste. Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right anytime of the day.
Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste. That's why Viceroy tastes rich, good, anytime. Nashfall good trip and Viceroy still tastes good. Viceroy’s got the taste that’s right, right any time of the day.


A Jack colors timber, a first big one’s fall, you’re earning an honest days pay, then a Viceroy smoked for the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Those thick saws keep buzzing. And now, a lot of work is out of the way. Now a Viceroy smoke for the taste that’s right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich improve true tobacco taste. That's why Viceroy tastes rich good rewarding any time you light up. 


The last blockis loaded and you’re packing it in, now is the time where you say, give me a Viceroy smoke, it's got the taste that's right, right any time of the day.


Drilling since Summer, going deep in the ground, your men are earning their pay, then a Viceroy smoke for the taste that's right, right anytime of the day. Foor hundred feet, still going strong spinning and boring away now, a Viceroy smoked for the taste that's right, right any time of the day.


 Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste. That's why Viceroy tastes rich good rewarding and a time you light up. Your men have gone home, the night crew has checked in, now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke, it's got the taste, that's right, right any time of the day.


Now a Viceroy smoke for the taste that’s right, right any time of the day. Viceroy has got the taste that’s right, right any time of the day. Viceroy gives you rich rewarding taste, any time you light up, because Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste. Viceroy, it’s got the taste that’s right, right any time of the day.