Tan tarde, lo siento, es broma. Ten quieres una, no gracias a estas horas ya no me saben a nada, debes cambiar Kool. Eso es. Para una sabor mas fresco para fumar. Debes cambiar a Kool. Tabacos finos, filtro blanco. Frescura de verdad. Sabor a la frescura extra mientras fumas Kool. Que tal, sabe fresco. Fumara siempre Kool, cuando cambies a Kool. Si haga el gran cambio a Kool. Fume Kool, filtro blanco, tamanao largo. Well that was the last race and that's the last of my cigarettes, oh I got some. Oh nevermind, at this time of day they all taste kind of flat even the new menthol brand I changed to. Not enough of the change already have a Kool. Kool huh. Your cigarette not tasting cool enough till you come up to Kool. With Rich Tabaccos Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Discover extra coolness in your smoke, let Kool's come through for you. You like em. The Coolest, you'll be smoking Kool all the time, when you come to Kool. Come all the way up to Kool, discover the most refreshing coolness you can get in any cigarettes smoke cool filter Kings. Good game Jean how about another set oh no thanks just too hot today. Yeah it is hot, these cigarettes are tasting pretty hot too, then try one of mine kool. I think you like them, your cigarette  not just tasting cool enough until you come up to Kool. With Rich tabaccos Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Discover extra coolness in your smoke let cool come through for you. Better, much better you'll be smoking cool all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to Kool for the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarette smoke Kool filter Kings. What the matter Fred, You having trouble again. Yeah it's a hot day, maybe I can help. this cigarettes no help. it's one of those new menthols so you do need help, have a Kool. Kool, your cigarettes not tasting cool enough until you come up to Kool with Rich tobacco Kool's white filter extra coolest too. Discover extra coolness in your smoke let Kool come through for you, well what do you think, this is more like it you'll be smoking Cool all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool for the most refreshing coolness you can get in any cigarette smoke Kool filter Kings. Looks like you need a little help, oh do I ever I've been stranded here almost an hour. Well you finish your cigarettes I'll fix your tire, Thanks. It's just not my day even these cigarettes of gone bland. Oh I hate that too. Here, Kool all right. Your favorite not tasting cool enough until you come up to Kool, with Rich tobacco, Kool's white filters extra coolest too. Discover extra coolness in your smoke plead cool come through for you. Like em, maybe it is my day. You'll be smoking cool all the time once you come up you Kool. Come up too cool for the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarettes smoke Kool filter kings. That is how this hockey game was won thank you and congratulations and now back to learn hall for the wrap up. All yours Ed, right on doing sure Mr. Williams thanks, is that another cigarette, yep. Hey, have one fo mine. Uh I guess not, they're all  tasting pretty dull I think. Not these, Kool I've been meaning to try them your cigarette not tasting cool enough, until you come up to Kool. With rich tabacco Kool's white filter extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke let Kool come through for you. Well how about it yea these are okay you'll be smoking Kool all the time once you come up to Kool come all the way up to Kool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarettes, Smoke Kool filter Kings. Okay a giant very big lunch in the Queen Mary, I'm about ready to give up. My mother has given up on these cigarettes huh I don't know it's a new you blend I tried there's no taste, here try a Kool, oh alright, your cigarettes not tasting cool enough, till you come up to Kool. With Rich Tabacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Discover extra coolness in your smokes let kool come through for you. You like them, okay sure I got another pack. You'll be smoking Kool all the time once you come up you to Kool. Come all the way up to Kool for the most refreshing coolness you can get in any cigarettes smoke Kool filter kings. I guess nobody can handle that Horse, I cant handle these. What the matter, these cigarettes they lose their taste after a while. Here Steve have one of mine Kool huh any different, just try one. Your cigarettes not tasting cool enough till you come up to Kool with Rich tobacco Kool's white filter extra coolness too. Discover extra coolness in your smokes let cool come through for you. Like them Steve, atleast, you'll be smoking Kool all the time once you come up to Kool, come all the way up to Kool for the most refreshing coolness you can get in any cigarette smoke, Kool filter Kings. How much have you got Jim,that enough, alright. Hey Joe put the skip on the boat that's the last net and that's the last of these cigarettes for me. Cigarettes have no taste, try one of my Kool ok. Taste extra coolness as you smoke how about it Skipper, yea it taste alright. Come up, come up to Kool. I'll take over Chris, fine with me. Hey, we out of prizes not anymore but I am a cigarettes. Oh how about one of mine  never mind after a while it seemed to lose the taste not these. Have a Kool, all right. You're cigarette not tasting Cool enough till you come up to Kool, with Rich tobacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Discover extra coolness in your smoke let cool come through for you. Like them, yea they're okay. You'll be smoking Kool, all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool for the most refreshing coolness you can get in any cigarette smoke Kool filter Kings. That broke up real good, yeah. That'll keep the shovel busy. Through for the day, I'm so over these cigarettes too, they're tasting pretty off. Have you tasted Kool, here Kool. Your cigarettes not asting cool enough till you come up to Kool, with rich tabacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Discover extra coolness in your smoke let cool come through for you like them. Yeah,  like them fine, you'll be smoking all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool for the most refreshing coolness you can get in any cigarettes smoke Kool Filter Kings. Hey Maggie, oh say I've gotten pretty Stale, couple days in the and you'll be fine. Cigarettes tasting pretty stale too. Sounds like you need a change Kool, The only cigarette I smoke. Your cigarettes not tasting Cool enough till you come up to Kool. With rich tabacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Taste extra Coolness as you smoke let Kool come through for you. Well how Is that, well I like it you'll be smoking Kool all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to Kool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarette smoke cool filter Kings. 597 ready for takeoff, clear for takeoff. You ready, Yep. Ready for a different Cigarette too, relax, do what i did. What's that change to  Kool, Kool. Okay, you're cigarettes not taking coool enough till you  come up to Kool, with Rich tobacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke, that cool come through for you. Well how about it Jack, yea these taste fine. You'll be smoking Kool all the time once you come up to cool come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarette smoke cool filter kings.This cigarettes not nice to me either, oh what's wrong, no more taste. Well try one of mine. Kool, yea. Your cigarettes not tasting Cool enough till you come up to Kool, with Rich tobacco Jool's white filter extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke let cool come through for you. They taste better, yeah they're fine you'll be smoking cool all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarette smoke, Kool filter Kings. Honey look, how'd you like to try that, no not for me. I see what you mean, these cigarette are not for me either they taste so stale, well i think you'd like this one oh yes Kool, your cigarettes not tasting cool enough, till you come up to Cool. With rich tabacco Kool's white filter extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke, let Kool's come through for you. Taste better, they certainly do. You'll be smoking Kool all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarette smoke cool filter Kings. We can skip her on a sandbar again. If you got the night yeah. Okay I'll take you right off.I need new cigarettes too, I need new cigarettes. They lost their taste, maybe you got the wrong brand, try one of mine Kool. Your cigarettes not tasting Cool enough till you come up to Cool. With Rich tobacco Kool's white filter extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke let cool come through for you. Are they better, yeah taste fine. You'll be smoking cool all the time once you come up to Kool come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarettes smoke Kool filter Kings. How's the party going, Great. Yeah, how was the golfing, that's too bad dear. Too bad these cigarettes too, they have no taste anymore, now will you try one of my Kool okay. Your cigarettes not tasting Cool enough till you come up to Kool. With Rich tabacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke that Kool come through for you. Taste better, you're so right. You'll be smoking Kool all the time till come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarettes, smoke Kool filter Kings. Oh Jimmy, that's it. It's about ready for the game I'm just about ready for that new brand of cigarettes, what's the matter, they taste kind of flat after a while. Have one of mine Kool,I think you'll like them. You're your cigarettes not tasting cool enough till you come up to Kool. With Rich tobacco Kool's white filter, extra coolness too. Taste extra coolness as you smoke let cool come through for you hey Brian see face okay my steady brand. You'll be smoking Kool's all the time once you come up to cool. Come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarettes smoke Kool filter kings. Come on dad, the game has already started. This cigarettes keeps losing it taste after a while, you want to try Kool. Kool, any difference just try. Your cigarettes not tasting Cool enough till you come  up to Kool. With Rich Tabacco Kool's white filter. Extra coolness too, taste extra Coolness as you smoke let Kool come through for you. How about it, these taste great. You'll be smoking cool all the time once you come up to Kool. Come all the way up to cool and taste the most refreshing cool as you can get in any cigarette smoke, Kool filter Kings