Say here's something important for you filter tip smokers the Raleigh tip is now a filter tip and it's a wonderful filter in fact tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lip as you can now choose Rich Miller Raleigh's with plain in or the new and exclusive Raleigh filter tip figure Choice plain ends, or filter tip there's a coupon on the back of every Raleigh pack and for those Raleigh coupons you get your choice of a wonderful variety of free luxury gifts like this powerful electric lantern wonderful for camping trips or after dark jobs around the yard. When I'm wearing a very special Raleigh gift selections that beautiful 17 jul Wristwatch with a matching expansion band and you can have one exactly like this free for the valuable coupons on every Raleigh pack. Plain and or filter tip, here's a famous household helper of Westinghouse steam iron does any ironing job faster and easier another gift you can have free for Raleigh coupon. Here's a Raleigh gift the whole family will enjoy a famous first flash camera. Get your fine snapshots every time indoors or out again free-for-all Raleigh cigarette coupons altogether there are two hundred twenty nine gifts extra dividends from your smoking pleasure that are free for Raleigh cigarette coupon and remember Raleigh's now, gives you more than ever before now you can choose Raleigh's with plane in or the new exclusive filter tips and those Raleigh filters as we told you before are packed it down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lip and plain or filter tip Raleigh's bring you rich melo tobacco taste you get wonderful luxury gets free for all the coupons plain end or filter tip there's a coupon on the back of every Raleigh pack and when you buy your Raleigh's by the carton, you get 4 extra coupons so enjoy Raleigh, Plain end or filter tip for wonderful smoking and get free gifts for your Raleigh coupons Raleigh's give you more so much more by a Carton today. Say here's something important for you filter tip smokers, the Raleigh tip is now a filter tip. It's a Wonderful filter in packed tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lips. Yes Rich mellow Raleigh's with plain end or, with the new and exclusive Raleigh filter tip, your choice plain end or filtered tip. There's a coupon on the back of every Raleigh pack right Jean, right Phil and for those Raleigh coupons you get wonderful free gift like this rest and electric Percolator and look at this handsome toaster automatic toaster free for the valuable coupons on every Raleigh pack plain all filters and here's a Westinghouse steam Iron that I am any fabric these are just a few. There are, 229 luxury gifts extra dividends near smoking pleasure that are free for Raleigh coupons. Yes, Raleigh now gives you more than ever before you can choose Raleigh's with plain end or with a new and exclusive filter tip and those Raleigh filters are packed tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lips and plain or filter Raleigh's bring you rich mellow tobacco taste and you get wonderful luxury gifts free, plain end or filter tip there's a coupon on the back of, every raleigh pack, when you buy Raleigh by the carton you get 4 extra coupons plain ends or filter tip you get free gifts for your Raleigh coupons. Raleigh's gives you more so much more buy a carton today. Say here's something important for you filter tip smokers the Raleigh tip is now a filter tip It's a Wonderful filter and packed tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lips. Yes Rich mellow Raleigh's with plain end or with the new and exclusive Raleigh filter tip your choice plain end or filtered tip. There's a coupon on the back of every Raleigh pack right Jean. Right Phil, and for those Raleigh coupons you get wonderful free gift like this Hamilton Beach mix and look at this a complete set of Oneida Community car plates silverware all free for the valuable coupons on every Raleigh pack. Plain or filter and here's a West End electric fry pan that cooks everything better neither does the fuse. There are 229 luxury gifts extra dividends in your smoking pleasure that are free for Raleigh coupon. Yes Raleigh now gives you more than ever before you can choose Raleigh's with plain end or with the new exclusive filter tip and those Raleigh filters are packed tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lips and plain or filter Raleigh's bring you rich mellow tobacco taste and you get wonderful luxury gifts plain end or filter tip there's a coupon on the back of every Raleigh pack when you buy Raleigh by the carton you get 4 extra coupons plain ends or filter tip you get free gifts for your Raleigh coupons Raleigh's give you more so much more buy a carton today. Say here's something important for you filter tip smokers the Raleigh tip is now a filter tip It's a Wonderful filter and packed tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lips yes Rich mellow Raleigh's with plain end or with the new and exclusive Raleigh filter tip your choice plain end or filtered tip there's a coupon on the back of every raleigh pack right Jean. Right Phil and pour those rally coupons you get wonderful free gifts like this spot is flash camera and look at this to Hamilton Beach food mixer free for the value of coupons on every role a pack, plain or filtered and here's something handy Dependable easy to read Vogue vast scale and these are just a few there are 229 luxury discs extra dividends for your smoking pleasure that are pretty for Raleigh coupons yes Raleigh now gives you more than ever before you can choose Raleigh's with plain end or with the new and exclusive filter tip and those Raleigh filters are packed tip down to go Untouched by fingertips from pack to lips I'm plain or filter Raleigh's bring you rich Mellows tabacco taste. You get wonderful luxury gifts free, plain end or filtered tip. There's a coupon on the back of every Raleigh pack when you buy Raleigh by the Carton you get 4 extra coupons plain end or filter tip you get free gifts for your Raleigh coupons, Raleigh's give you more so much more buy a carton today. Attention filtered smokers, the Raleigh tip is now a filter tip now here's what you get with Raleigh, plain end or filter tip, tipped down to go untouched, Rich fellow tobacco taste, free gift for Raleigh coupons, four extra coupons in every carton smoke Raleigh's now Plain end or filtered tip.