today cigarette cannot answer today smoking needs only Saratoga meets the new challenge the first totally new cigarette Saratoga gives you the world's first humor Flex pack. Moisture proof, vacuum-formed, keep cigarettes twice as fresh and flavorful as any other package can Saratoga gives you a new team of filters back-to-back one filter fortified with charcron scrubs flavor to make it clean, the other keeps it mild, now you have the filter you hoped for, the flavor you smoke for, Fresh tobacco flavor that just couldn't be brought to you without this humor Flex pack new blend , new pack, new team of filters back-to-back only Saratoga meets the challenge of today smoking needs. More than new it's timely too new charcron smooth Saratoga cigarette smoothest taste tobacco ever had saratoga's ultra-modern filters double screen smoke. One filter fortified with charcron smooth the smoke, the second of pure white filter makes it mild together they double screen the smoke to give Saratoga the smoothest taste tobacco ever had, and Saratoga keeps that rich tobacco flavor because the soft seamless pack keeps flavor in, this empty pack test proves Saratoga holds moisture and flavor as no conventional packed can. The fact that leaks water leaks flavored, but saratoga's hummus like plastic pack seals in the fool fresh flavor. Try new Saratoga it's charcron smooth, smoothest taste  tobacco ever had, Saratoga. It's new it's Ultra it's Ultra mild its new Saratoga in the humor Flex plastic pack first Ultra Mild cigarette Saratoga double screams the flavor clean one filter fortified with Charcron screens flavor to make it clean the other re screens it to make it mild together they double screen the flavor clean to make Saratoga the first Ultra Mild cigarette and Saratoga keeps its Rich tobacco flavor because the new seemless plastic pack keeps moisture in try this yourself empty out of conventional pack and a pack of saratoga's, pour a little water into each see just as the Water Runs Out moisture and fresh flavor Escape From The Regular Pack but Saratoga seamless pack keeps the fresh moist flavor in. Try new Saratoga it's ultra it's Ultra mild it's the first Ultra Mild cigarette everything's new in Saratoga. This is totally new Saratoga cigarette in the world's first humma Flex pack, moisture-proof, vacuum-formed to keep cigarettes twice as fresh and flavorful as any other package can. Saratoga gives you a new team of Builders back-to-back one filter fortified with charcron scrubs flavor clean the other keeps it in mild, get the filter you hoped for the flavor you smoke for in totally new Saratoga. More than new it's timely too. New Characron smooth Saratoga cigarette, saratoga's ultra-modern filters double screen the smoke for the smoothest taste tobacco ever had and Saratoga keeps that rich tobacco flavor because the handsome humma Flex plastic pack keeps flavor in try new Saratoga it charcron smooth smoothest taste tobacco ever had Saratoga. New blend new humma Flex pack, new team of filters back-to-back everything's new in Saratoga cigarettes. Everything's new in Saratoga cigarettes new blend new Yuma Flex pack new team of filters back to back. Saratoga the cigarette that meets the challenge of today's smoking needs new blend new humma Flex pack new team of filters back-to-back Saratoga. New charcron smooth Saratoga double screams the smoke for the smoothest taste tobacco ever had Saratoga. This is Mayfield fresh new way to smoke the only menthol cigarette with the recessed filter the most effective filtering method known to cigarette makers most filters are at the tip but Mayfield filter is inside it's clean it can't touch your tongue it's recessed this is super filtration there's no better filter on any leading cigarette Menthol or otherwise, Mayfield brings you the truly effective filter you've been wanting just enough Menthol and just enough Menthol to smooth out the smoke not enough to blur the taste of the good tobacco's the filter can't touch your tongue because it's inside, the Mayfield filter is recessed, fresh. Mayfield leaves your mouth feeling fresh moist clean enjoy this, fresh new way to smoke Mayfield. This is Mayfield the only menthol cigarette with a recessed filter Mayfield filter is inside can't touch your tongue it's recessed for super filtration no better filter on any leading cigarette discover this fresh new way to smoke Mayfield. This is Mayfield the only menthol cigarette with the recessed filter Mayfield fresh new way to smoke. This is Mayfield fresh new way to smoke the only menthol cigarette with the recessed filter the most effective filtering method known to cigarette makers most filters are at the tip but Mayfields filter is inside it can't touch your tongue it's recessed this is super filtration, theres no better filter on any leading cigarette Menthol or otherwise the truly effective filter you've been wanting just enough Menthol and just enough Menthol to smooth out the smoke not enough to blur the taste of the good tobacco's, the filter can't touch your tongue because it's inside fresh Mayfield leaves your mouth feeling fresh moist clean, enjoy this fresh new way to smoke Mayfield. 