When I think about it, most of my friends who smoke have become more and more considerate of people like me who don't. So when I read Amendment one I wondered whether we were being fair to them. Raising taxes by 50 Cents a pack seems a little high, then it puts a sales tax on cigarettes and let cities and counties tax tobacco with no limits.
Isn't that a lot of money from one group to pay for programs that should be everyone's responsibility? Before you vote read Amendment one then ask yourself, “is it really fair?”.


We, we the people of colorado... Our state constitution for 157 years it's kept our democratic ideals and principles and protected our individual rights so why would we put tobacco taxes and Health Care spending programs into it? The tobacco amendment is a constitutional amendment, it makes Health Care spending programs and three new tobacco taxes permanent parts of Colorado's Constitution. Vote no on the tobacco tax amendment because even if you’re for the spending programs in new taxes they don't belong in our constitution.


Ballot initiatives can be confusing, so before you vote read proposition 200 carefully, then ask yourself, “is a 90 million dollar tax increase on smokers really fair; where will the money go; and why would we give millions to bureaucrats without any controls on how it's spent?” Prop 200 has a lot of problems but don't take my word for it. Copies of prop 200 are available in the Secretary of State's office so you can read it and make the right choice. Paid for by the No More Taxes Committee majority of funding provided by the tobacco industry and the tobacco Institute. Paid for by the no more taxes committee majority of funding provided by the tobacco industry and the tobacco Institute.


Cozeny Californians, they raise millions by taxing smokers, but look how they spent the money. Five hundred thousand dollars to sponsor a race car; they wasted even more money sponsoring floats and parades; they even paid for a five-day pool party, cool. Now they want to do the same thing in Arizona, vote no on Prop 200. Wasting tax money is one California idea we don't need. Bummer.


 Arizona's cancer Heart and Lung association's and 200,000 Arizona citizens worked hard to place proposition 200, the tobacco tax on the ballot, now the tobacco companies are paying us a visit and they're dressing up for the occasion. They're coming to protect their profits by trying to defeat the tobacco tax and they're going to mislead the public under the cloak of deception. Don't let the tobacco companies pull the wool over your eyes. Paid for by Arizona for a healthy future Healthcare Providers and the Arizona Hospital Association.


It's a shame isn't it. Most of them started smoking so young and they weren't told that the nicotine in cigarettes could keep them hooked forever. But now we know how to keep tobacco out of the hands of kids. We can prevent vending machine sales and crack down on merchants who sell to minors we can also raise the cost of cigarettes through change in public policy and increase education about the effects of smoking and when fewer children are smoking we’ll all breathe a little easier. Oh, your mom will love those flowers. How is my mom? She's doing okay.


You're sick and tired of the cigarette prison. Who’s to tell us us to sell cigarettes, it’s outrageous.  They say they are not advertising cigarettes to children, but kids recognize Joe Camel nearly as much as Mickey Mouse They could’ve given us a better name. I'd like to give those tobacco companies a piece of my mind. I’d tell him what a battery they are on the kids in Arizona. No camels don’t smoke, and kids shouldn’t either.