Start with the sun head deep in the woods this is a good place to stay, the Viceroy of for the take that right, right any time of the day. This is the good taste you always get when you smoke Viceroy way, cause the Viceroy smoke has that taste that's right. Right anytime of the day. Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich good rewarding any time you light up the company is good, the coffee is hot now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke because the taste that's right, right any time of the day.
Start with the Sun head it deep in the woods this is a good place to stay and the Viceroy smoke for the taste that's right, right any time of the day, This is the good taste you always get, when you smoke the Viceroy way because the Viceroy smoke has the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich good rewarding any time you light up the company is good the coffee is hot, now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke because it has the taste that's right, right anytime of the day.
Swinger on out he's ready to go up sail and ankor the way and the Viceroy smoke for the taste that's right, right any time of the day. It is a good thing to always get when you smoke the Viceroy way because the Viceroy smoke got the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tabacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich good rewarding any time you light up. You had a smooth higher-ups snug now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke it got to take that right right any time of the day.
Swinger on out she's ready to go up sails and ankor the way and the Viceroy's go for The Taste right, right any time of the day away, This is the good tasteyou always get, when you smoke the Viceroy way because Viceroy's smoke got the taste that right, right any time of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich good rewarding any time you light up you had a smooth they're higher up snug now's the time when you say, give me a Viceroy smoke it's got the taste that's right, right any time of the day. 
They're Ridin and ropin work in the range in the eye Be oh I a and the Viceroy smoke for the taste that's right, right anytime of the day this is the good thing, you always get when you smoke the Viceroy way, because the Viceroy smoke got the taste that right, right anytime of the day. Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich good rewarding any time you light up. 800 edge only in the Corrale now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke it's got the taste that's right, right any time of the day. 
They're Ridin and ropin working the range in the IBO IA and the Viceroy smoke has the taste that right, right anytime of the day. This is the good thing you always get, when you smoke the Viceroy way, because the Viceroy smoke got the taste that's right, Right anytime of the day. Viceroy is the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich, good, rewarding any time you light up. 800 head home in the Corrale now is the time when you say give me a Viceroy smoke it's got the that's right, right any time of the day.
The lines are all straining over 4,000 pounds, Mr. Baker away and a Viceroy smoke for The Taste that's right, right any time of the day. This is the good taste You always get, when you smoke the Viceroy way, because Viceroy smoke got the taste that's right, right anytime of the day. Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy tastes Rich good rewarding any time you light up your well out you sea doing 17 not now is the time when you say give me your Viceroy smoke it's got the taste that's right any time of the day. 
The lines are all straining over 4,000 pounds, Mr. Baker away and a Viceroy smoke for the taste that's right, right any time of the day. This is the good taste you always get when yopu smoke the Viceroy way, because Viceroy's got the taste that's right, right any time of the day. Viceroy of the filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve true tobacco taste that's why Viceroy's tastes Rich, good, rewarding any time you light up. You're well out you're sea doing 17 not, now is the time when you say. Give me A Viceroy smoke it's got the taste that's right, right anytime of the day. 
The New York guy commutes to in the IRT and at the mets game. Looks for a Cab in Cross town Traffic and the New York guy smokes Viceroy why? I'll tell you why I spend a lot of time in my cab. Traffic, Small Change, small talk, friendly like a guy offers you a smoke. I say thanks for when I reach for a smoke, I want to taste it that's why I go for Viceroy you know the taste is right there I like them my 25-cent tips Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve the true tabacco taste but Viceroy you gets the taste that's right, right any time of the day. That's my Viceroy that's why the New York guy smokes Viceroy, Viceroy has got the taste that's right, right any time of the day.
The New York Guys have balloons in Central Park a original copy and 7th Avenue and a shiny new Supermarket on Staten Island and the New York guys most Viceroy why? I'll tell you why, from Monday morning Saturday night at seven times I've got lots of canned goods and in my store you can buy almost any brand of anything, it's like cigarettes now we can carry them all and I've tried them all but I smoke Viceroy because when I pick one up I know it's going to taste good, I know it Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve the true tobacco taste with Viceroy you get the taste that's right, right any time of the day that's for sure that's why the New York guy smokes Viceroy, Viceroy has got the taste thats right, right any time of the day. 
The New York Guy loves fresh bagels on Sunday morning, Takes his kids to the circus, why doing a musical these and the New York guy smokes Vicroy, why? I'll tell you why, doing a musical means rehersals, lots of laughs in the show every night. But after the show,time for a cigarette. I stay with one kind Viceroy, I tried other nothing, now Viceroy that's just my usual got the taste just won't quit. Viceroy is a filter cigarette blended with natural flavor fresheners to enrich and improve the true tobacco taste with Viceroy you get the taste that's right, right any time of the day. I'm a fan that's why the New York guy smokes Viceroy, Viceroy is got that taste that's right, right anytime, time of the day.