Pardon me folks, if you have never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes what would you be missing?
 But we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do that's why you didn't miss out on, the hose and reel the table and radio, even that handy stool. All three, free for Raleigh coupon.
But most of all we’d miss that wonderful Raleigh taste.  They're rich mild and mellow. I like the Raleigh filter too. We buy Raleigh by the carton, that way our coupons mont as fast.
You see you get a coupon on every pack and four extra in every carton, 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Yes Raleigh the only cigarette that gives you finest quality tobacco, plus on the back of every pack are valuable coupons. Buy them by the cartons and get 4 extra coupons, filter tip or plain ends. Smoke Raleigh. 


Pardon me folks, if you have never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes what would you be missing?
 But we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do that's why you didn't miss out on the transistor radio the camera even that handsome set of matched luggage all free. Free for Raleigh coupons. But most of all we’d miss that wonderful Raleigh taste.  They're rich mild and mellow. I like this Raleigh filter too. We buy Raleigh's by the carton that way our coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack, and four extra in every carton; 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Yes Raleigh the only cigarette that gives you finest quality tobacco, plus on the back of every pack are valuable coupons. Buy them by the cartons and get 4 extra coupons, filter tip or plain ends. Smoke Raleigh. 


Pardon me folks if you have never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes do you know what you'd be missing? The dinnerware, the percolator, even the silver. But we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do that's why you didn't miss out on, all those wonderful gifts free; free for Raleigh’s coupons. But most of all we get that wonderful Raleigh taste; rich mild and mellow. I like the Raleigh filter too. We buy Raleighs by the carton, that way our coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack, fourr extra in every carton; 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Yes Raleigh, the only cigarette that gives you finest quality tobacco. Plus, on the back of every pack, a valuable coupon. Buy them by the carton and get four extra coupons. Filter tip or plain ends, smoke Raleigh


Pardon me folks, if you had never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes do you know what you'd be missing? That electric grill, all those hand tools even the portable radio but we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do, that's why you didn't miss out, on all those wonderful gifts free. Free for Raleigh coupons. Most of all, we’d miss that wonderful  Raleigh taste, they’re rich, mild, and mellow. I like those  Raleigh filters too. We buy Raleigh by the carton, that way our coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack and, or extra every carton, 14 in all; I don't see why everybody does he smoke Raleigh. Yes Raleigh, the only cigarettes that gives you finest quality tobacco, plus, on the back of every pack, a valuable coupon. Buy them by the carton and get 4 extra coupons. Filter tip or plain end, smoke Raleigh.


What's so interesting? This new  Raleigh premium catalog. Look at all the brand new gifts we can get with our Raleigh coupon. Gee, I wish we had that table and lamp.  I'll take that hat.


Pardon me folks but how do you like that new Raleigh premium catalog? Great! And exciting new gifts? Wonderful! And how about that Raleigh taste? That's the best part they're rich mild and mellow. I like this  Raleigh filter.  We buy  Raleigh by the cotton that we are coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack and four extra in every carton 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Smoke Raleigh's filter tip or plain end and get your free copy of the new Raleigh premium catalog, bigger and better than ever. Write Raleigh box 903 Louisville Kentucky.


Pardon me folks, if you had never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes do you know what you'd be missing? That rod and reel, the picnic chest, even that sporter rug. But we do smoke Raleigh's. Sure you do, that's why you didn't miss out on all those wonderful gifts free; free for Raleigh coupons. But most of all we get that wonderful Raleigh taste, they're rich mild and mellow.I like this Raleigh filter too. We buy Raleigh's by the carton, that way our coupons mount up fast . You see, you get a coupon on every pack and four extra in every carton 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. The only cigarettes that gives you finest quality tobacco. Plus, valuable coupons. Buy them by the carton and get 4 extra coupons. Raleigh comes both ways, with a filter or without. Smoke Raleigh's.


Pardon me folks, if you had never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes do you know what you'd be missing? That screen, the projector even the folding chairs. But we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do that's why you didn't miss out on all those wonderful gifts free; free for Raleigh coupons. But most of all, we’d miss that wonderful Raleigh taste they’re rich mild, and mellow. I like this Raleigh  filter too.We buy Raleigh's by the carton, that way our coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack and four extra in every carton 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Raleigh The only cigarettes that gives you finest quality tobacco. Plus, valuable coupons. Buy them by the carton and get 4 extra coupons. Raleigh comes both ways, with a filter or without. Smoke Raleigh's.


(07:48)  Pardon me folks, if you had never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes do you know what you'd be missing? The swingarm lamp, that chalkboard, even the blanket. But we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do that's why you didn't miss out on all those wonderful gifts free; free for Raleigh coupons. But most of all, we’d miss that wonderful Raleigh taste they’re rich mild, and mellow. I like this Raleigh  filter too.We buy Raleigh's by the carton, that way our coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack and four extra in every carton 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Raleigh The only cigarettes that gives you finest quality tobacco. Plus, valuable coupons. Buy them by the carton and get 4 extra coupons. Raleigh comes both ways, with a filter or without. Smoke Raleigh's.


Pardon me folks, if you had never smoked Raleigh Cigarettes do you know what you'd be missing? That screen, the projector even the folding chairs. But we do smoke Raleigh. Sure you do that's why you didn't miss out on all those wonderful gifts free; free for Raleigh coupons. But most of all, we’d miss that wonderful Raleigh taste they’re rich mild, and mellow. I like this Raleigh  filter too.We buy Raleigh's by the carton, that way our coupons mount up fast. You see, you get a coupon on every pack and four extra in every carton 14 in all. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Raleigh The only cigarettes that gives you finest quality tobacco. Plus, valuable coupons. Buy them by the carton and get 4 extra coupons. Raleigh comes both ways, with a filter or without. Smoke Raleigh's.
 
Today 8 out of 10 families save coupons and stamps; 8 out of 10. We saved coupons and stamps, it's a smart way to shop. And Raleigh coupons are worth a lot more. Yes and you get 14 in every carton. And how about those Raleigh premiums? They’re the greatest, that's how we got screen, projector and folding chairs all free, free for Raleigh coupons. And there's something else you get with Raleighs; taste, they're rich mild and mellow. The best cigarette, the most valuable coupons, and the finest premiums, that's what Raleigh gives you. I don't see why everybody doesn't smoke Raleigh. Raleigh the only cigarette that gives you finest quality tobacco, plus, valuable coupons. Buy them by the carton and get 4 extra coupons, 14 at all. Raleigh comes both ways with a filter or without. Smoke Raleigh's