He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what's in or new chooses things to suit his taste couldn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters man. Just an ordinary guy with an independent mind. A mind of his own, he's an Old Gold filters man. Old Gold Filters, the cigarette for independent people now in 100 size too. The better 100 with flavors that never came through a photo before and with valuable gift star coupons. Gift coupons she said it's the flavor I'm after. Why smoke em if you can't taste em. He's an old Gold filters man Old Gold filters king-size and 100's the better 100 with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters mam. Old Gold filters 100's the extra long cigarette with extra good flavor the better 100 ,Just an Ordinary guy with an independent mind. A mind of his own he's a Old Gold Filters. king-size and 100's with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what's in or new chooses things to suit his taste couldn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters man. Just an Ordinary guy with an independent mind. A mind of his own. He's an Old Gold Filters man. Old Gold filters, the cigarette for independent people. Now in 100 size too, the better 100 with flavors that never came through a filter before and with valuable gift star coupons. The gift coupons she's saves them, it's the flavor am after. Why smoke em if you can't taste em. He's an Old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters king-size and 100's the better 100 with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what others do he's a Old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters 100 the extra long cigarette with extra good flavor the better 100,Just an ordinary guy, with an independent mind. A mind of his own. He's an Old Gold filters, king-size and 100 with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what's in or new chooses things to suit his taste couldn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters man. Just an ordinary guy with an independent mind. A mind of his own. He's an Old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters the cigarette for independent people now in 100 size too, the better 100 with flavors that never came through a filter before and with valuable gift star coupons. The gift coupons she saves them, it's the flavor I'm after. Why smoke em if you can't taste em. He's an old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters king-size and 100's the better 100 with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters 100's the extra long cigarette with extra good flavor the better 100. Just an ordinary guy, with an independent mind. A mind of his own. He's an Old Gold Filters, king-size and 100 with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what's in or new chooses things to suit his taste couldn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters man. Just an ordinary guy, with an independent mind. A mind of his own. He's an Old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters the cigarette for  independent people. Now in 100 size too the better 100 with flavors that never came through a filter before and with valuable gift star coupons. Get coupons she saves them,it's the flavor I'm after. Why smoke em if you can't taste them. He's an Old Gold filters man. Old Gold filters king-size and 100's the better 100 with gift star coupons. He's an independent guy he likes to set his own kind of style doesn't care what others do he's an Old Gold filters man.  Old Gold filters 100's the extra long cigarette with extra good flavor the better 100. Just an ordinary guy, with an independent mind. A mind of his own. he's an Old Gold filter, king-size and 100 with gift star coupons.