Are there about in the the quote that you have remained correct, to follow up on the line of questioning at the chairman, ask and let me go to Mr. Aiken I know Mr. Aiken and know more about his operation and even though he's a little bigger than most of us in East Tennessee the situation that he outlined with respect to his farming operation is pretty typical Mr. Aiken is it not with respect to the cost that you incur and and the amount of net profit you get per pound. So I would ask all of you now, if how many of you are still selling in tobacco auction, and nobody's raising their hand all right to of course portion. Pardon, a portion of portion at auction, but you would agree that in the way the situation is developing at auctions will soon be out of the picture do you agree to that and then we'll be left to contract selling, and are all of you now selling under contract. Yes sir, well it doesn't make sense to you that if if the FDA should get into the picture and if the FDA should put regulations on the manufacturers that those are simply going to be passed through to you as producers through the Contracting provision. How many years for those of you who've been contracting, how many years have you been contracted but mr. Carter. I had opportunity probably the contract a certain portion of my tobacco before anyone else because I grow portion of my tobacco organically and I've been under contract and that regard for six years on that portion of tobacco and that point and the point you're trying to make is that yes as time has goes by more has been demanded of what has occurred on my farm but, I can assure you that the cost of Regulation is of concern to Growers and they certainly don't want FDA intimately involved on their Farm but that I can take you to three or four my neighbors whose Farm I now attend because they were no longer a viable unit if they had the opportunity to advance forward with some degree of profitability and a reasonable degree of FDA regulation they would rather be farming and me renting their farm and I think that's the situation that we've been placed, it in its Growers is it's only been 4-5 years since we had her plastered all over our trucks no FDA on the farm and it was not a grower issue it was a cigarette manufacturer issue and we were trying to help them fight that battle and I think right now it's still currently a cigarette manufacturing issue and we're just in the situation that we've bought into the idea and firmly believe that if the air regulations coming we need to we need to proactively, of  accept that as portion of what we need to get a quote of bile and I'm not saying we were but at the same time we need to realistically understand that those contractual Provisions have grown more stringent sir that in the six years that you have dealt with them and and there was no reason for them to other than the the yes sir considerations of the contract between the company and the grower. yes sir and, well to get that let me ask mr. mr. rat did you want to comment on that or yes of Congressman Jenkins there are many farmers in Southwest Jane I'm sure right across the line over in your area that that would like to have an opportunity to continue with auction system I've heard many say you know hey we're at the mercy of the company now, we dont have a nap and the point that you made is that if we have to continue Contracting it's going to be through that contract that a lot can be dictated by FDA and whether the farmer can live with that or not I don't know, time will only tell so we must be very very very cautious as we drag this legislation thank you Mr. Wright, my time is expired Mr. chairman thank you Mr. Jenkins gentleman from North Carolina Mr. McIntyre thank you Mr. chairman. I just like short answer this first question from each of you what will happen to you if we don't get a buy out this year, will you be able to continue to produce some tobacco how, I will it affect you, we'll just go down the table  could. As I look across this panel I think I'm the youngest youngest member testifying today, I'm 40 years old and as I said in my testimony I made a commitment to grow tobacco I don't have a lot of other options in the East Tennessee my wife and I made a commitment to work hard and and we thought we had a master plan when we got married my debt load, for the last two years has actually increased that's not completely due to the I mean there's other factors weather-related and those things and I accepted those going in I did not know initially when I went into the tobacco business that I would be looking at the uncertainties that we have in the last couple of years I still need to produce tobacco I still want to produce tobacco but I would hope that we could get some more stability. Congressman obviously most of us would anticipate if there's not a quota by all that we do experience another massive quota cut I think that my situation must be fairly similar to Mr. Akins just a year or two older than he is we thought we made a very conscious plan realizing that the industry was changing we've invested we thought prudently and position ourselves for the future in the industry there's no way that you can plan for 50 and 60 percent quota cuts no matter how prudent you, our thank you. Congressman I'm sure help will still be producing tabacco but at the last level than I am now in 1998 99, I produced 192 thousand pounds this year I'm down to 105 thousand pound I'm sure that's going to be less next year now I'm also diverse find out into a bigger cattle operation. How to will continue to raise the debacle but the problem mentioned how small we were for with the cuts we've had in the last few years I've actually picked up Laces every year but yet I'm less the bog of than I was four or five years ago if I look at it scares me sometimes when I look at the land that's under my control it's over 1,000 acres and I'm raising 25 x to the bike that's how much Farmland is tied up and at some of grand some of that is Temple and a lot of it past you, land but you guys will continue have to raise the bike if I'm going to say that. Cost will continue to go up producers will have less and less net income as a result and will become less and less competitive in these Global markets that we're forced to compete in these days. Barney to buy quotas in Southwest Virginia very small to start with and this year I would say that probably 200 Acres of tobacco was not put out in Washington County alone just because the quotas had been shrunken so much that it wasn't profitable to go out there and put out a half acre tobacco which is about the size of a, for Washington County, Virginia the county I live in all will I be raising the back and next year, next year will only tell if things continue to go the way they have the last five years we're going to be out in Southwest Virginia. Thank you very much and Mr. Chairman the interest of time. I would just ask on each of the panelists given the importance of the buyout that if for some reason we did not get a buyout we're going to be left with having to deal with the current program and that concerns all of us just as it concerns you I would ask each of the panelists if you would submit in writing just a simple list to the committee of what changes would need to be made in the current tobacco program if for some reason about does not occur you know where I am on this issue, we've made that clear from the beginning we want to buy out but if for some reason we don't get where we need to be for whatever reason it may be outside of the control of this committee it may be something that happens that we don't control over on the floor or on the other body on the other side of the hill but if we were not to get a buyout we still need to do some things to help you so if you would submit a list Mr. chairman that would be permissible in writing in answer to this question of what changes could occur in the tobacco program that would help you in the event for some reason I'm out, it did not occur thank you Mr. Chairman. That request is a good one and at the end of the hearing we will ask unanimous consent to keep the record open for 10 days to allow the witnesses to respond time's up. I thank you gentlemen recognize the gentleman from Ohio Mr. Boehner